Football transfers example tutorial (#96)
memgraph/docs: products/memgraph/upcoming/tutorials/football-transfers.md

## Football transfers

This article is a part of a series intended to show how to use Memgraph
on real-world data to retrieve some interesting and useful
information.

### Introduction

> [FOOTBALL](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Football) Football is a word which

Author: What is in-place image?

could mean one of several sports. In this article we are refering to the best-known
type of football, association football. This is called "soccer" in North America,
South Africa, and Australia to avoid confusion with other types of football.

The name football comes from the two words 'foot' and 'ball'. It is named football
because the players of the game walk and run (on their feet) while playing.
Football is played using a ball, also called a 'football', that is shaped like
a sphere or an ellipsoid. The ball is kicked wih the foot.

The game is played on a rectangular field called a pitch with a goal at each end.
The object of the game is to score by moving the ball beyond the goal line into
the opposing goal.

The two teams each compete to get the ball into the other team's goal
(between the posts and under the bar), thereby scoring a goal. The team that
has scored more goals at the end of the game is the winner; if both teams have

> scored an equal number of goals then the game is a draw.

Author: :+1:

> In this article, we will present a graph model of a large sized dataset

Author: A saw that on one of tutorials we have : https://docs.memgraph.com/memgraph/tutorials-overview/graphing-the-premier-league 
Here it says : ".. In this article, we will present a graph model of a reasonably sized dataset of football matches across world's most popular leagues."  I thought it is up to user to discover how large it is, as did I when I run this dataset.

> In this article, we will present a graph model of a large sized dataset

Reviewer: Yep you are correct. There are some technical-writing issues in old tutorials. Now we have a chance to fix those in all new posts.

This was referenced from: https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/clear-sentences#minimize_certain_adjectives_and_adverbs_optional. You can check it out for more inputs for better technical writing.

of football transfers that include most popular leagues.

### Data Model

> * Each Football transfer has a team which makes transfere of player and 

Author: :+1:

> * Each Football transfer has a team which makes transfere of player and 

Author: :+1

team to which player is transfered to, so we identify three types of nodes &mdash;
`Team`, `Transfer` and `Player`  . 
* We add an edge of type `:TransFor` pointing from `Team` player is being
transfered from to a `Transfer`. Also, we add an edge of type `:TransTo` pointing
from the `Transfer` to the `Team` player is being transfered to.
From node `Transfer` we add edge of type `:OfPlayer` pointing to `Player` 
* Each team has a name so we can add property `name` to `Team` node.
* We'll add properties `name` and `position` to node `Player`. 
* And to node `Transfer` we wil add properties `age` and `fee` with
property `age` representing age at which player was transfered to
and fee for which player was transfered to. 
* Each transfer is made in specific year, so we can
create node `Year` with property `year` and relationship `:InYear` between
transfer and year.

> ![](../data/FootballTransfers_metagraph.png)

Author: It it not ready yet

### Importing the Snapshot

> TO DO...

Author: :+1:

### Example Queries using OpenCypher

> In the queries below, we are using [OpenCypher](https://www.opencypher.org) 

Author: :+1

```

3)Find players that played for certain club and count them by position.

```opencypher
MATCH (m:Team {name: "FC Barcelona"})
      <-[:toClub]-(t:Transfer)-[:ofPlayer]->(p:Player)
WITH * ORDER BY p.name
RETURN p.position, COUNT(t) AS number
```

4) Transfers of players directly from on club to another

```opencypher
MATCH (m:Team {name:"FC Barcelona"})-[r1:makesTransfer]->(t:Transfer)
MATCH (t)-[r3:ofPlayer]->(p:Player)
MATCH (t)-[r4:inYear]->(y:Year)
MATCH (t)-[r2:toClub]->(n:Team {name:"Real Madrid"})
RETURN m,r1,t,r2,n,p,r3,r4,y
```

5) Get all clubs involved and transfers of player in graph style

```opencypher
MATCH p= (a:Team )
          -[:makesTransfer ]->(t:Transfer)-[:ofPlayer ]->
          (:Player {name: "Zlatan Ibrahimovic"})
MATCH (t)-[r1:toClub]->(b:Team) 
return p,b,r1
```

6) Find teams that  most players went to from let's say "FC Barcelona"

```opencypher
MATCH (m:Team {name: "FC Barcelona"})-[:makesTransfer]->(t:Transfer)-[:ofPlayer]->(p:Player)
MATCH (t)-[:toClub]->(n:Team)
RETURN n.name, collect(p.name), COUNT(p) AS numberOfPlayers
ORDER BY numberOfPlayers DESC
```

7) Find most popular clubs in certain year. Results may suprise you.

> ```opencypher 

Reviewer: I won't be adding the same comments from this point on, but in general for every query:
- Do a bit of cleanup (consistency, variable naming)
- Add cleaned edge types, UPPER_SNAKE_CASE
- Get rid of unnecessary commands
- If the image makes sense, add an image from Lab with link to the lab
- If the query is numbered with number 7 or higher, add a bit of description (check other tutorials for reference)

## Football transfers

This article is a part of a series intended to show how to use Memgraph
on real-world data to retrieve some interesting and useful
information.

### Introduction

Football is a word that could mean one of several sports.In this article,
we are referring to the best-known type of football, association football.
In North America, South Africa, and Australia to avoid confusion with other

> types of football, this is called "soccer". It is a team sport played with

Reviewer: Wording: `it is called...`

Author: :+1:

a spherical ball between two teams of 11 players.  But more often than not,
there are more than just 11 players in every team. 

There are a few things to consider in this article. First of all,

> the transfers. 

Reviewer: You could remove this paragraph.

Author: :+1

In professional football, a transfer is the action taken whenever a player
under contract moves between teams. It refers to the transferring of
a player's registration from one association football club to another.
In general, the players can only be transferred during a transfer window

> and according to the rules. The Transfer window is a period during the year

Author: :+1:

> in which a football team can transfer players. There are usually two transfer windows

Author: :+1:

in the same season, one in winter that lasts through January,
and one in summer that lasts through July and August.

Usually some sort of compensation is paid for the player's rights,
which is known as a transfer fee. When a player moves from one team to another,
their old contract is terminated and they negotiate a new one with the team
they are moving to. In some cases, however, transfers can function similarly
to player trades, as teams can offer another player on their team as part of the fee.

> Of course you may presume, there is a lot of money in the game.

Reviewer: Wording: `As you may presume, ...`, `...in the game of transfers.`

Author: :+1:

> According to FIFA, from January to September 2018 there were 15,049 international transfers

Reviewer: Wording: `in 2018, from January till September, there ...`

Author: :+1:

of male players with fees totaling US$ 7.1 billion dollars, and 577 international transfers

> of female players for US$ 493,235.

Reviewer: These two paragraphs are talking about the same thing: money. It should be joined.

Author: :+1:

> of female players for US$ 493,235.

Reviewer: It makes sense to sum up these two values because in the article we are not doing anything with male/female queries.

Author: :+1:

> Also, one last thing to consider is the season. 

Author: :+1:

> In an organized sports league, a typical season is the part of one year in which regulated games

Author: :+1:

of the sport are in session. In football, it is generally from August or September to May,
although in some countries - such as Northern Europe or East Asia - the season starts in the spring 

> and finishes in autumn, mainly due to weather conditions encountered during the winter.

Reviewer: Wording: `due to the weather conditions`

Author: :+1:

### Data Model

In this article, we will present a graph model of a large-sized dataset
of football transfers that include the most famous leagues. When we say large-sized dataset,
what we think by that is the dataset that has all transfers from season 1992/1993 to season 2019/2020
in nine leagues that are supported. Those leagues are Eredivisie, English Championship,
English Premier League, French Ligue 1, German Bundesliga, Italian Serie A, Portuguese Liga Nos,
Russian Premier Liga and Spanish Primera Division.

> * Each Football transfer has a team which makes a transfer and team to which player is transferred to,

Reviewer: Wording `Football` -> `football`

Author: :+1:

> * Each Football transfer has a team which makes a transfer and team to which player is transferred to,
>  so that will be our first node &mdash `Team`. Each team has a name so we will add the label `name`. 
> Also, most of the teams in our dataset will have the league in which they compete so we will add label `league`.
> * Following what we just described, there is also a player that is part of the transfer and that will be our
> next node &mdash `Player`. That nods will also have the label `name` and label `position`,
> but the label `age` will be added to the new node that we will create, and that is node `Transfer`.
> This node will be a connection between nodes `Player` and two nodes of type `Team` that take part
> in the transfer.  Node `Transfer` will also have a  label `fee`.
> Fee represents millions of euros that were paid as compensation for the player's rights.
> * The Last node in our model will be `Season`. It will have labels `season` and `year`.
> The label `season` will be in string format and label `year` in number format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model consists of the following nodes:

* `Team` - a football team with a property `name` (e.g. `"FC Barcelona"`).
* `Player` - a professional football player, contains properties `name` (e.g. `"Luka Modric"`) and `position` (e.g. `"Central Midfield"`).
* `League` - a football league where multiple teams belong to, contains one property `name` (e.g. `"Premier League"`).
* `Transfer` - represents a football transfer that connects a `Player` that is transferred from one `Team` to another `Team` within a `Season`. Transfer contains one optional property `fee` (e.g. `195.50`) that represents a transfer fee in millions of euros.
* `Season` - a football season with two properties `name` (e.g. `"2019/2020"`) and `year` (e.g. `2019`)
```

Reviewer: There were few issues in this paragraph. `labels` where used even though it was describing `properties`. Labels are node names, like `Team`, `Player`, .... Properties are node properties like `name`, `year`, ...

Author: :+1:

Till this point we only described nodes. Now we need to describe how those nodes are connected.

* An edge of type `: TRANSFERRED_FROM` pointing from `Team` player is being transferred from
to the node `Transfer`. Also, we add an edge of type `: TRANSFERRED_TO` pointing from the `Transfer`
to the `Team` player is being transferred to.
* From node `Player` we add an edge of type `: TRANSFERRED_IN` pointing to `Transfer`. 
* Each transfer is made in a specific season, so we create
edge  `: HAPPENED_IN` pointing from the node

> `Transfer` to the node `Season`.

Reviewer: With an example of the above suggestion, can you restructure and rewrite edges?

Author: :+1:

![](../data/FootballTransfers_metagraph.png)

### Importing the Snapshot

> We have prepared a database snapshot for this example, so the user can easily

Reviewer: Throughout this tutorial, we are saying to reader as "you", so replace all the "the user" as "you" in this whole section.

Author: :+1:

  /usr/lib/memgraph/memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/TEDTalk \
    --storage-snapshot-interval-sec=0 --storage-wal-enabled=false \
    --storage-snapshot-on-exit=false --storage-properties-on-edges=true
```

When using Memgraph installed from a Debian or RPM package, 
the currently running Memgraph server needs to be stopped before 
importing the example, using the following command:

```plaintext
systemctl stop memgraph
```

When using Docker, the example can simply be imported with the following command:

```plaintext
docker run -p 7687:7687 \
  -v mg_lib:/var/lib/memgraph -v mg_log:/var/log/memgraph -v mg_etc:/etc/memgraph \
  memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/TEDTalk \
  --storage-snapshot-interval-sec=0 --storage-wal-enabled=false \
  --storage-snapshot-on-exit=false --storage-properties-on-edges=true
```

The user should note that any modifications of the database state will persist
only during this run of Memgraph.

### Example Queries using OpenCypher

In the queries below, we are using [OpenCypher](https://www.opencypher.org) 
to query Memgraph via the console.

1) Let's say you want to find 20 most expensive transfers.

> As mentioned before fee is represented in millions of euros.

Author: :+1

```opencypher
MATCH (t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)
WHERE t.fee is NOT NULL

> RETURN  t.fee as transfer_fee ,p.name AS player_name

Reviewer: Consistency: `transfer_fee ,p.name` -> `transfer_fee, p.name`.

Author: :+1:

ORDER BY t.fee DESC LIMIT 20
```

2) What about finding the most expensive transfer per season? 

```opencypher

> MATCH path = (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)

Reviewer: And consistency is off here, as variables are written in `snake_case`. So `maxFee` would be `max_fee`.

> MATCH path = (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)

Reviewer: If we used `p.name as player_name`, then having `s.name as season` is not consistent.

> MATCH path = (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)

Reviewer: So in general, clear this query, prettify the results of the transfer fees as noted in the query before.

> MATCH path = (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)

Reviewer: Btw consistency also includes spaces, commas, and all that stuff.

> MATCH path = (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)

Author: :+1:

WHERE t.fee is NOT NULL
WITH  s.name as season, MAX(t.fee) as maxFee
RETURN  maxFee,season
ORDER BY maxFee DESC
```

> 3)How about finding out for which teams has your favorite player played for?

Reviewer: Wording: `finding out which teams your favorite player has played for`

> 3)How about finding out for which teams has your favorite player played for?

Author: :+1:

> Instead of Sime Vrsaljko, you can instead put the name of your favorite player.

Reviewer: Wording: `instead` repeated. 

Recommendation: `If you wish to check the teams for another player, replace "Sime Vrsaljko" with the name of your favorite player. `

Author: :+1:

```opencypher

> MATCH (p:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)-[]-(m:Team)

Reviewer: As you are using DISTINCT below, maybe it makes sense to add:
```
...-(team:Team)
...
WITH DISTINCT team
RETURN team.name as team_name
```

Author: :+1:

> WHERE p.name="Sime Vrsaljko"

Reviewer: So to skip adding a comment for every inconsistency, check the full tutorial for spaces, commas, etc. 
- Cypher traversal is without any space except for field definition: `(p:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t)`
- Add space around any binary operator, `=` -> ` = `
- There should be only one space between any other word

Author: :+1:

WITH DISTINCT m
RETURN m.name AS team_name

> ```

Reviewer: Add a bit of description below this query why are you using `-[]-`.

Author: :+1:

> 4)Find players that were transferred to and played for FC Barcelona and

Reviewer: Space missing: `4) F`

Author: :+1:

count them by the position they have in the game.

```opencypher
MATCH (m:Team)<-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)
WHERE m.name="FC Barcelona"
WITH * ORDER BY p.name
WITH DISTINCT p
RETURN p.position as position, COUNT(p) AS position_count, collect(p.name) as playerNames
ORDER BY position_count DESC

> ```

Reviewer: `WITH * ORDER BY p.name` can be removed because it doesn't affect results in any way.

Author: :+1:

> 5) Football has seen a lot of rivalries develop between clubs during its rich and long history,

Reviewer: Wording:
`Football has seen a lot of rivalries develop between clubs during its rich and long history, some of which can be traced back more than a century. ` -> `Football has seen a lot of rivalries develop between clubs during its rich and long history.`

Reviewer: Wording: `Now` is time-dependent which means this tutorial might not make sense in when now will be someday in the future.
Rather describe that in Spain there is a term "El Clásico" which is a match between two fierce rivals FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.

Author: :+1:

some of which can be traced back more than a century. Now one of the most famous ones is between

> FC Barcelona and Real Madrid. Let's find out were there any transfers between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.

Reviewer: Wording: `Let's find out were there any` -> `Let's find all the transfers between ...`

```opencypher
MATCH path_teams = (m:Team )-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(t:Transfer)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(n:Team)
WHERE (m.name="FC Barcelona" AND n.name="Real Madrid") OR (m.name="Real Madrid" AND n.name="FC Barcelona")

> MATCH path_player = (t)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)RETURN path_teams,path_player

Reviewer: This is a cypher for Lab to have a graph visual. So, clean this query a bit.

```

> 6) FC Barcelona is one of the biggest clubs in the world. Players often want to stay there as long as possible.

Reviewer: Wording: `is one of the most valuable football clubs in the world`. `Biggest` doesn't mean too much here.

Reviewer: Wording `stay` -> `play`

Author: :+1:

But what about those players who didn't fit in well? Where do they go?

```opencypher
MATCH (m:Team )-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player), (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(n:Team)
WHERE m.name="FC Barcelona"
RETURN n.name as team_name, collect(p.name) as names, COUNT(p) AS number_of_players
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC
```

7) What are the teams that most players went to in season 2003/2004? The results may surprise you. 

```opencypher 

> MATCH (s:Season {name:"2003/2004"})<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)

Reviewer: As in other queries, move this name in WHERE to be consistent.

Author: :+1:

MATCH (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(n:Team)
WITH DISTINCT player, n
RETURN n.name as team_name, COUNT(player) AS number_of_players,collect(player) as names
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC, team_name
LIMIT 20;
```

> 8)In great teams, there are usually players who seem to be irreplaceable. When they leave,

Reviewer: Space missing `8) In`

> 8)In great teams, there are usually players who seem to be irreplaceable. When they leave,

Author: :+1:

> the board is often struggling to find a proper replacement for them. That's why there are more

Author: :+1:

> transfers on those positions. Let's find out on which positions in season

Author: :+1:

2015/2016 FC Barcelona spent money.

```opencypher 
MATCH (n:Team )-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM ]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player ),
(s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t)-[r1:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(m:Team)
WHERE t.fee IS NOT NULL AND (s.name IN ["2015/2016","2016/2017"]) AND m.name="FC Barcelona"
RETURN collect( p.name) AS names, p.position AS position, SUM(t.fee) AS money_spent_per_position
```

> 9) But what was the most money FC Barcelona spent per position from 1992/1993 season to 2019/2020?

Author: :+1:

```opencypher 
MATCH (a:Team )-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM ]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN ]-(p:Player ), (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(b:Team)
WHERE t.fee IS NOT NULL AND b.name="FC Barcelona"
WITH max(t.fee) as maxMoneySpent, p.position AS position

> RETURN maxMoneySpent, position

Author: :+1:

```

> 10) Now, let us find who were the most expensive players per position in our team FC Barcelona. 

Reviewer: This looks more like `most expensive player positions` rather than `most expensive players per position`.

Author: :+1:

```opencypher 
MATCH
    (barca:Team)<-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player), (t)-[:HAPPENED_IN]->(s:Season)
WHERE 
    t.fee is NOT NULL AND 
    barca.name = "FC Barcelona"
WITH p.position as player_position, max(t.fee) as max_fee

> 

Author: :+1:

MATCH
    (p:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)-[:HAPPENED_IN]->(s:Season)
WHERE
    p.position = player_position AND
    t.fee = max_fee 
RETURN
    max_fee, player_position, collect(p.name) as player_names
```

> 

Author: :+1:

> 11) If you want to find indirect transfers of players between two clubs you can do that also

Reviewer: This query below is still returning direct transfers.

Reviewer: It makes sense to have all transfers first and then a new query on how to select only indirect ones.

Author: :+1:

```opencypher 
MATCH
    (t:Transfer)<-[e:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(team:Team)
WHERE
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
WITH player, collect(t) as transfers, collect(e) as connections
MATCH
  path_indirect = (a:Team)-[*bfs..10 (e, n | 'Team' IN labels(n) OR ('Transfer' in labels(n) AND n in transfers) )]->(b:Team)
WHERE
  a.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
  b.name = "Sevilla FC"
UNWIND connections as connection

> RETURN player, connection, path_indirect

Reviewer: Also, as noted before in previous PR comments, returning `path` and `connection` doesn't have any benefits to someone running this in mgconsole or any other terminal tool. So, add a description below where you can say that if you are running this in Lab with visuals, you can change query in some way to get full graph of two teams, transfers and players.

Author: :+1:

```

> Let's say you want to find indirect transfers between "FC Barcelona" and  "Sevilla FC".

Reviewer: Add a reference to above query: `In the above query, you were able to find indirect transfers between ....`. And then explain every complex line like. In first part of the query we are finding all transfers and players that moved from FC Barcelona. We need to collect transfers because .....

Author: :+1:

Firstly it makes sense to find players that had at some point transfer from FC Barcelona. That way
we don't need to look for all players, just ones that had transfer from FC Barcelona.

> Then off to the fun part.

Reviewer: Btw what is with this here?

Author: :+1:

(e, v | condition) is called a filter lambda. It's a function that takes an edge symbol e and a vertex symbol n 
and decides whether this edge and vertex pair should be considered valid in breadth-first expansion by returning
true or false (or Null). In the above example, lambda is returning true if vertex has label "Team" or has label "Transfer"

> and it is one of the transfers of players that had transfer from FC Barcelona.

Reviewer: Explain why it needs to be "Team" or "Transfer"?

Author: :+1:

of football transfers that include the most famous leagues. When we say large-sized dataset,
what we think by that is the dataset that has all transfers from season 1992/1993 to season 2019/2020
in nine leagues that are supported. Those leagues are Eredivisie, English Championship,
English Premier League, French Ligue 1, German Bundesliga, Italian Serie A, Portuguese Liga Nos,
Russian Premier Liga and Spanish Primera Division.

The model consists of the following nodes:
* `Team` - a football team with a property `name` (e.g. `"FC Barcelona"`).
* `Player` - a professional football player, contains properties `name` (e.g. `"Luka Modric"`)
and `position` (e.g. `"Central Midfield"`).
* `League` - a football league where multiple teams play in, contains one property
`name` (e.g. `"Premier League"`).
* `Transfer` - represents a football transfer that connects a `Player` 
that is transferred from one `Team` to another `Team`
within a `Season`. Transfer contains one optional property `fee` (e.g. `80.50`)
that represents a transfer fee in millions of euros.
* `Season` - a football season with two properties `name` (e.g. `"2019/2020"`)
and `year` (e.g. `2019`).

> Till this point we only described nodes. Now we need to describe how those nodes are connected.

Reviewer: @antoniofilipovic This is still pending.

WHERE m.name = "FC Barcelona"
RETURN n.name as team_name, collect(p.name) as player_names, COUNT(p) AS number_of_players
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC
```

7) What are the teams that most players went to in season 2003/2004? The results may surprise you. 

```opencypher 
MATCH (season:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)
MATCH (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE season.name = "2003/2004"
WITH DISTINCT player, team
RETURN team.name as team_name, COUNT(player) AS number_of_players, collect(player.name) as names_of_players
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC, team_name
LIMIT 20;
```

8) In great teams, there are  players who seem to be irreplaceable. When they leave,
the club board is often struggling to find a proper replacement for them.Let's find out on which positions
in season 2015/2016 FC Barcelona spent money.

```opencypher 
MATCH (:Team )-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM ]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),
(s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(m:Team)
WHERE t.fee IS NOT NULL AND (s.name IN ["2015/2016", "2016/2017"]) AND m.name = "FC Barcelona"

> RETURN collect(player.name) AS names, player.position AS position, ROUND(SUM(t.fee)) + 'M €' AS money_spent_per_position

Author: Okey I will fix that. It only needs to be season 2015/2016 in query

```

9) But what what was the highest transfer amounts FC Barcelona spent per position from 1992/1993 till 2019/2020?

```opencypher 
MATCH (:Team )-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM ]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN ]-(player:Player), 
(t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE t.fee IS NOT NULL AND team.name="FC Barcelona"
RETURN MAX(t.fee) + 'M €' AS max_money_spent, player.position as player_position
```

10) Now, let us find who were the most expensive players per positions in our team FC Barcelona. 

```opencypher 
MATCH
    (team:Team)<-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player), (t)-[:HAPPENED_IN]->(s:Season)
WHERE 
    t.fee is NOT NULL AND 
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
WITH p.position as player_position, max(t.fee) as max_fee
MATCH
    (p:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE

>     p.position = player_position AND

Reviewer: It would be good to decide if you will be using 4 spaces or 2 spaces for the query indent. Regardless of which one you choose, just be consistent. I have seen both.

Author: :+1:

Reviewer: @antoniofilipovic this is not done yet, here we have 4 lines, on lines 233 and other there are 2 lines. Make it consistent.

Author: :+1:

    t.fee = max_fee AND
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
RETURN
    max_fee, player_position, collect(p.name) as player_names
```

> This query would be shorter if we only wanted to find what was the maximum fee per position.
> But we also want to find the names of those players. 
> So, in the first part of the query, we are looking for the maximum fee per position.
> Everything around the MAX function is used to group elements. 
> The next part of the query is used to find who were those players.
> We match those players who were transferred to FC Barcelona with the maximum fee on that position.
> And then we return the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we needed to get the maximum transfer fee per position we would only need first `MATCH` in the
above query making it way shorter. In order to match which players had maximum transfer fees per position
our query is split into two parts:
* First `MATCH` in the query finds the maximum transfer fee per position.
* Second `MATCH` in the query is finding all players transferred to "FC Barcelona" with the same position and transfer fee equal to the maximum one from the previous query.
```

lambda is returning true if vertex has label `Team` or has label `Transfer` and it is one of the transfers of players
that had transfer from FC Barcelona.  It needs to be `Team` or `Transfer` because to get from team 
that made transfer to team player is being transferred you need to pass through node `Transfer` that connects those two.

If you are running this in MemgraphLab with visuals, you can change the query in some way to get a full graph of two teams,
both transfers and players. In first part you need to collect the connections between each transfer and player.
And instead of returning list you can just return the path_indirect variable.

12) Let's now find only indirect transfers between two clubs. In last query we found all transfers between two clubs.
Now we need small change in query to only get indirect transfers.

```opencypher
MATCH  (player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(sevilla:Team)
WHERE 
    barca.name="FC Barcelona" AND  sevilla.name="Sevilla FC"
WITH collect(player) as players_direct_to_sevilla
MATCH

>     (t:Transfer)<-[e:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(tr:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (t:Transfer)<-[e:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team)
```

WHERE

>     barca.name = "FC Barcelona" AND NOT player  in players_direct_to_sevilla

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  barca.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
  NOT player IN players_direct_to_sevilla
```

WITH player, collect(t) as transfers, collect(e) as connections
MATCH
  path_indirect = (a:Team)-[*bfs..10 (e, n | 'Team' IN labels(n) OR ('Transfer' in labels(n) AND n in transfers) )]->(b:Team)
WHERE
  a.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
  b.name = "Sevilla FC"
WITH nodes(path_indirect) as path_of_player, player
UNWIND path_of_player as path_rows
MATCH 
    (path_rows:Team)
WITH collect (path_rows.name) as teams, player

> RETURN player, teams

Author: :+1:

```

> In this query, the only difference is that we first need to find players who had direct transfer to Sevilla.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this query, the only difference is that we need to find players who had a direct transfer to Sevilla first.
```

> And in the next MATCH we check whether players that were transferred from FC Barcelona,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next `MATCH` we use that information to check whether players that were transferred from FC Barcelona,
```

that represents a transfer fee in millions of euros and one regular property `year` (e.g `1995`)
that represents how old was a player when the transfer occurred.
* `Season` - a football season with two properties `name` (e.g. `"2019/2020"`)
and `year` (e.g. `2019`).

Nodes are connected with the following edges:

* `: TRANSFERRED_FROM` - connects team node `Team` to node `Transfer` representing a team
where the player is being transferred from.
* `: TRANSFERRED_TO` - connects node `Transfer` to team node `Team` where player is being transferred to.
* `: TRANSFERRED_IN` - connects player node `Player` to node `Transfer` representing a player
that was transferred in the connected transfer.
* `: HAPPENED_IN` - connects node `Transfer` to the node `Season` in which transfer has happened.
* `: PLAYS_IN` - connects node `Team` that plays in league node `League`.

![](../data/football_transfers_metahraph.png)

### Importing the Snapshot

We have prepared a database snapshot for this example, so you can easily
import it when starting Memgraph using the `--data-directory` option.

```plaintext
sudo -u memgraph \

>   /usr/lib/memgraph/memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/TEDTalk \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /usr/lib/memgraph/memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/FootballTransfers \
```

I would say we can now replace this to `FootballTransfers` because that's where we will save cypher commands.

Author: :+1:

    --storage-snapshot-interval-sec=0 --storage-wal-enabled=false \
    --storage-snapshot-on-exit=false --storage-properties-on-edges=true
```

When using Memgraph installed from a Debian or RPM package, 
the currently running Memgraph server needs to be stopped before 
importing the example, using the following command:

```plaintext
systemctl stop memgraph
```

When using Docker, the example can simply be imported with the following command:

```plaintext
docker run -p 7687:7687 \
  -v mg_lib:/var/lib/memgraph -v mg_log:/var/log/memgraph -v mg_etc:/etc/memgraph \

>   memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/TEDTalk \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/FootballTransfers \
```

Author: :+1:

(`(:Transfer)-[]->(:Team)`), we want to collect both inbound and outbound connections. In order to do so, we
omit the arrow (`>`, `<`) in our Cypher command.

4) Find players that were transferred to and played for FC Barcelona and
count them by the player game position.

```opencypher
MATCH 
    (team:Team)<-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)
WHERE 
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
WITH DISTINCT player
RETURN player.position as player_position, COUNT(player) AS position_count, collect(player.name) as player_names
ORDER BY position_count DESC
```

5) Football has seen a lot of rivalries develop between clubs during its rich and long history.
One of the most famous ones is between fierce rivals FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.
There is a term, El Clasico, for a match between those two teams. Let's find all the transfers between
FC Barcelona and Real Madrid.

```opencypher
MATCH 
    (m:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(t:Transfer)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(n:Team)
WHERE
    (m.name = "FC Barcelona" AND n.name = "Real Madrid") OR
    (m.name = "Real Madrid" AND n.name = "FC Barcelona")
MATCH

>     (t)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)

Reviewer: This should go up next to that other traversal, there is no `WITH` so all `MATCH` queries should be next to each other.

Author: :+1:

RETURN m.name as transferred_from_team, p.name as player_name, n.name as transfered_to_team
```

6) FC Barcelona is one of the most valuable football clubs in the world. Players often want to play there as long as possible.
But what about those players who didn't fit in well? Where do they go?

```opencypher
MATCH 

>     (m:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player), (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(n:Team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (m:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(n:Team)
```

As far as I see you are splitting them one query per line (which is good), but this was not consistent then.

Author: :+1:

WHERE 
    m.name = "FC Barcelona"
RETURN n.name as team_name, collect(p.name) as player_names, COUNT(p) AS number_of_players
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC
```

7) What are the teams that most players went to in season 2003/2004? The results may surprise you. 

```opencypher 
MATCH 
    (season:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE 
    season.name = "2003/2004"
WITH DISTINCT player, team
RETURN team.name as team_name, COUNT(player) AS number_of_players, collect(player.name) as player_names
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC, team_name
LIMIT 20;
```

8) In great teams, there are players who seem to be irreplaceable. When they leave,
the club board is often struggling to find a proper replacement for them. Let's find out which positions
club "FC Barcelona" spent money on in season 2015/2016.

```opencypher 
MATCH

>     (:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM ]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),
```

Space issue.

Author: :+1:

    (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(m:Team)
WHERE 
    t.fee IS NOT NULL AND 

>     s.name IN ["2015/2016", "2016/2017"] AND

Reviewer: I thought you fixed this? (one season is mentioned in the title)

Author: :+1:

```

9) But what was the highest transfer amount per position FC Barcelona spent on in seasons from 1992/1993 till 2019/2020?

```opencypher 
MATCH
    (:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player), 
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE
    t.fee IS NOT NULL AND
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
RETURN MAX(t.fee) + 'M €' AS max_money_spent, player.position as player_position
```

10) Now, let's find who were the most expensive players per position in team FC Barcelona. 

```opencypher 
MATCH
    (team:Team)<-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player),
    (t)-[:HAPPENED_IN]->(s:Season)
WHERE 
    t.fee is NOT NULL AND 
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
WITH p.position as player_position, max(t.fee) as max_fee
MATCH
    (p:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE
    p.position = player_position AND
    t.fee = max_fee AND
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
RETURN
    max_fee, player_position, collect(p.name) as player_names
```

If we needed to get the maximum transfer fee per position we would only need first `MATCH` in the

> above query making it way shorter. In order to match which players had maximum transfer fees per position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
above query, making it way shorter. In order to match players with maximum transfer fees per position
```

Author: :+1:

traversal through transfers and teams all the way to the "Sevilla FC".

For this part, we used the breadth-first search (BFS) algorithm with lambda filter `(e, v | condition)`.
It's a function that takes an edge symbol `e` and a vertex symbol `v` and decides whether this edge and vertex pair 
should be considered valid in breadth-first expansion by returning true or false (or Null). In the above example,
lambda is returning true if a vertex has a label `Team` or a label `Transfer`. If a vertex is `Transfer` there is an
additional check where we need to make sure the transfer is one of the transfers of players transferred from "FC Barcelona".
It needs to be either `Team` or `Transfer` because to get from a team that made the transfer to
the team where the player is being transferred to, we need to go through the node `Transfer` that connects those two teams.
So the traversal from "FC Barcelona" to "Sevilla FC" will go through the following nodes: Transfer, Team, Transfer, Team, Transfer, etc.

12) In the previous query, we found all transfers between two clubs. Let's filter out direct ones now.

> Now we need small change in query to only get indirect transfers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to add a small change in the query to only get indirect transfers.
```
Just because the previous sentence ends with `Now`. So it is weird to read `... now. Now...`

Author: :+1:

MATCH
    (player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(sevilla:Team)
WHERE 
    barca.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
    sevilla.name = "Sevilla FC"
WITH collect(player) as players_direct_to_sevilla
MATCH
    (t:Transfer)<-[e:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team)
WHERE
    barca.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
    NOT player IN players_direct_to_sevilla
WITH player, collect(t) as transfers
MATCH
    path_indirect = (a:Team)-[*bfs..10 (e, n | 'Team' IN labels(n) OR ('Transfer' in labels(n) AND n in transfers) )]->(b:Team)
WHERE
    a.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
    b.name = "Sevilla FC"
UNWIND nodes(path_indirect) as player_path_node
WITH player_path_node, player
WHERE 'Team' in labels(player_path_node)
WITH collect(player_path_node.name) as team_names, player
RETURN player.name as player_name, team_names
```

In this query, the only difference is that we need to find players who had a direct transfer to Sevilla first.
In the next `MATCH` we use that information to check whether players that were transferred from FC Barcelona,
didn't have direct transfer to Sevilla FC. 

> If you are running this in [MemgraphLab](https://memgraph.com/product/lab) with visuals you can change the query
> in some way to get a full graph of two teams, both transfers and players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running this in [MemgraphLab](https://memgraph.com/product/lab) you can change the query
a bit in order to get all nodes and edges required for a visual graph representation of players transferring through teams.
```

Author: :+1:

```opencypher
MATCH
    (player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(sevilla:Team)
WHERE 
    barca.name="FC Barcelona" AND
    sevilla.name="Sevilla FC"
WITH collect(player) as players_direct_to_sevilla
MATCH
    (t:Transfer)<-[e:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(tr:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]-(barca:Team)
WHERE
    barca.name = "FC Barcelona" AND NOT player  in players_direct_to_sevilla

> WITH player, collect(t) as transfers, collect(e) as connections

Reviewer: Rename `connections` with something more user friendly, e.g. `player_to_transfers`

Author: :+1:

MATCH
    path_indirect = (a:Team)-[*bfs..10 (e, n | 'Team' IN labels(n) OR ('Transfer' in labels(n) AND n in transfers) )]->(b:Team)
WHERE
    a.name = "FC Barcelona" AND
    b.name = "Sevilla FC"
UNWIND connections as connection
RETURN player, connection, path_indirect
```

> The first part of the query where we check whether the player was transferred from "FC Barcelona"
> to "Sevilla FC" stays the same. In the next part where we collect the transfers of those players that were transferred from FC Barcelona,
> we also need to collect those edges `e` between each transfer and player, because MemgraphLab can only draw connections between nodes that we
> return in the last part of the query. And instead of using function UNWIND to return teams as a list, we can just return the variable containing
> the path of the player. If you look closely now at that path variable, you can see that it doesn't contain connections between player and transfer.
> That's the reason why we need to collect those connections between transfer and player in the first place. But we can't just return those connections.
> We need to unwind them and return each connection between `Transfer` and `Player` corresponding to that player's path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MemgraphLab graph visual representation draws nodes and edges from query results. If you only have
nodes in the results then only nodes will be drawn on the canvas. If you have both nodes and edges present in the
results, MemgraphLab is able to draw nodes and connections between them because it has all the information relevant
for drawing.

In order to change the query to accommodate that, we need to change the types of results that are returned
and collect any missing edge or node information throughout the query. The first part of the query where we
check whether the player was transferred from "FC Barcelona" to "Sevilla FC" stays the same. In order to draw
all connections from players to transfers, we need to collect edges connecting them. That is the reason why we
are collecting edges `e` through variable `player_to_transfers` because it contains information on which player
is connected to which transfer.
With that in mind, our results contain all the information for the graph visual:
* A path that contains `Transfer` and `Team` nodes, and all the edges collected on the `Team` to `Team` traversal
* A list of `Player` nodes
* A list of `Player - Transfer` edges```

Author: :+1:

Here is a picture of how it will look if you run the query in MemgraphLab.

> ![](../data/football_transfers_MemgraphLab_visual.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](../data/football_transfers_MemgraphLab_visual.png)

```

Reviewer: In markdown spaces (empty lines) are actually important. That separates the rendering of different blocks. If things are not separated with empty lines, visual markdown might not be the same as you would expect.

  memgraph --data-directory /usr/share/memgraph/examples/TEDTalk \
  --storage-snapshot-interval-sec=0 --storage-wal-enabled=false \
  --storage-snapshot-on-exit=false --storage-properties-on-edges=true
```

You should note that any modifications of the database state will persist
only during this run of Memgraph.

### Example Queries using OpenCypher

In the queries below, we are using [OpenCypher](https://www.opencypher.org) 
to query Memgraph via the console.

Now when we have a dataset of football transfers from season 1992/1993 to season 2019/2020
loaded in Memgraph, we are ready to gain some information out of it.

1) Let's say you want to find 20 most expensive transfers.
As mentioned before, transfers fees are represented in millions of euros.

```opencypher
MATCH 
    (t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player)
WHERE 
    t.fee is NOT NULL
RETURN ROUND(t.fee) + 'M €' as transfer_fee, p.name AS player_name
ORDER BY t.fee DESC LIMIT 20
```

2) What about finding the most expensive transfer per season? 

```opencypher
MATCH 
    (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(:Player)
WHERE 
    t.fee is NOT NULL

> WITH  s.name as season_name, MAX(t.fee) as max_fee
> RETURN  ROUND(max_fee) + 'M €' as max_transfer_fee, season_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WITH s.name as season_name, MAX(t.fee) as max_fee
RETURN ROUND(max_fee) + 'M €' as max_transfer_fee, season_name
```
There are still issues here. You can click on Apply or commit suggestion and it will be applied with all the suggested changes. Go through the latest PR comments with suggestions and check if everything is added correctly.

    b.name = "Sevilla FC"
UNWIND connections as connection
RETURN player, connection, path_indirect
```

The first part of the query where we check whether the player was transferred from "FC Barcelona"
to "Sevilla FC" stays the same. In the next part where we collect the transfers of those players that were transferred from FC Barcelona,
we also need to collect those edges `e` between each transfer and player, because MemgraphLab can only draw connections between nodes that we
return in the last part of the query. And instead of using function UNWIND to return teams as a list, we can just return the variable containing
the path of the player. If you look closely now at that path variable, you can see that it doesn't contain connections between player and transfer.
That's the reason why we need to collect those connections between transfer and player in the first place. But we can't just return those connections.
We need to unwind them and return each connection between `Transfer` and `Player` corresponding to that player's path.

Here is a picture of how it will look if you run the query in MemgraphLab.

![](../data/football_transfers_MemgraphLab_visual.png)

> ### Where To Next?

Author: Not sure if this picture is added right way and whether picture is good

Reviewer: It seems like it was added in the right way.

and `position` (e.g. `"Central Midfield"`).
* `League` - a football league where multiple teams play in, contains one property
`name` (e.g. `"Premier League"`).
* `Transfer` - represents football transfer that connects a `Player`
that is transferred from one `Team` to another `Team`
within a `Season`. Transfer contains one optional property `fee` (e.g. `80.50`)
that represents a transfer fee in millions of euros and one regular property `year` (e.g `1995`)
that represents how old was a player when the transfer occurred.
* `Season` - a football season with two properties `name` (e.g. `"2019/2020"`)
and `year` (e.g. `2019`).

Nodes are connected with the following edges:

* `: TRANSFERRED_FROM` - connects team node `Team` to node `Transfer` representing a team
where the player is being transferred from.
* `: TRANSFERRED_TO` - connects node `Transfer` to team node `Team` where player is being transferred to.
* `: TRANSFERRED_IN` - connects player node `Player` to node `Transfer` representing a player
that was transferred in the connected transfer.
* `: HAPPENED_IN` - connects node `Transfer` to the node `Season` in which transfer has happened.

> * `: PLAYS_IN` - connects node `Team` that plays in league node `League`.

Reviewer 2: Remove spaces between `:` and the name of the label(s).

> ![](../data/football_transfers_metahraph.png)

Reviewer 2: This image isn't being displayed because you didn't write the filename correctly.
You wrote `meta*h*raph` instead of `meta*g*raph`.

WHERE
    (m.name = "FC Barcelona" AND n.name = "Real Madrid") OR
    (m.name = "Real Madrid" AND n.name = "FC Barcelona")
RETURN m.name as transferred_from_team, p.name as player_name, n.name as transfered_to_team
```

6) FC Barcelona is one of the most valuable football clubs in the world. Players often want to play there as long as possible.
But what about those players who didn't fit in well? Where do they go?

```opencypher
MATCH
    (m:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(n:Team)
WHERE
    m.name = "FC Barcelona"
RETURN n.name as team_name, collect(p.name) as player_names, COUNT(p) AS number_of_players
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC
```

7) What are the teams that most players went to in season 2003/2004? The results may surprise you.

```opencypher
MATCH
    (season:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE
    season.name = "2003/2004"
WITH DISTINCT player, team
RETURN team.name as team_name, COUNT(player) AS number_of_players, collect(player.name) as player_names
ORDER BY number_of_players DESC, team_name

> LIMIT 20;

Reviewer 2: Remove the `;` from the end of this line.

Author: :+1:

```

8) In great teams, there are players who seem to be irreplaceable. When they leave,
the club board is often struggling to find a proper replacement for them. Let's find out which positions
club "FC Barcelona" spent money on in season 2015/2016.

```opencypher
MATCH
    (:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),
    (s:Season)<-[:HAPPENED_IN]-(t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(m:Team)
WHERE
    t.fee IS NOT NULL AND
    s.name = "2015/2016" AND
    m.name = "FC Barcelona"

> RETURN collect(player.name) AS player_names, player.position AS player_position, ROUND(SUM(t.fee)) + 'M €' AS money_spent_per_position

Reviewer 2: This query doesn't have ordering. I suppose that the results should be ordered by the sum?

Author: :+1:

```

9) But what was the highest transfer amount per position FC Barcelona spent on in seasons from 1992/1993 till 2019/2020?

```opencypher
MATCH
    (:Team)-[:TRANSFERRED_FROM]->(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(player:Player),
    (t)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE
    t.fee IS NOT NULL AND
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"

> RETURN MAX(t.fee) + 'M €' AS max_money_spent, player.position as player_position

Reviewer 2: This query doesn't have ordering. I suppose that the results should be ordered by the sum?

Author: :+1:

```

10) Now, let's find who were the most expensive players per position in team FC Barcelona.

```opencypher
MATCH
    (team:Team)<-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]-(t:Transfer)<-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]-(p:Player),
    (t)-[:HAPPENED_IN]->(s:Season)
WHERE
    t.fee is NOT NULL AND
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"
WITH p.position as player_position, max(t.fee) as max_fee
MATCH
    (p:Player)-[:TRANSFERRED_IN]->(t:Transfer)-[:TRANSFERRED_TO]->(team:Team)
WHERE
    p.position = player_position AND
    t.fee = max_fee AND
    team.name = "FC Barcelona"

> RETURN

Reviewer 2: This query doesn't have ordering. I suppose that the results should be ordered by the sum?

Author: :+1:

RETURN player, connection, path_indirect
```

MemgraphLab graph visual representation draws nodes and edges from query results. If you only have
nodes in the results then only nodes will be drawn on the canvas. If you have both nodes and edges present in the
results, MemgraphLab is able to draw nodes and connections between them because it has all the information relevant
for drawing.

In order to change the query to accommodate that, we need to change the types of results that are returned
and collect any missing edge or node information throughout the query. The first part of the query where we
check whether the player was transferred from "FC Barcelona" to "Sevilla FC" stays the same. In order to draw
all connections from players to transfers, we need to collect edges connecting them. That is the reason why we
are collecting edges `e` through variable `player_to_transfers` because it contains information on which player
is connected to which transfer.
With that in mind, our results contain all the information for the graph visual:
* A path that contains `Transfer` and `Team` nodes, and all the edges collected on the `Team` to `Team` traversal
* A list of `Player` nodes

> * A list of `Player - Transfer` edges```

Author: Is there reason for this ```

Reviewer: You did it right, those tick characters were probably confused with the formatting. That was an error.
